Lily's cooking a Fancher hi welcome to
Lola's cookie adventure and my mom is
gonna make spring rolls and it's very
very delicious
I hope you enjoyed the video bye
first boil the shrimp for about five to
seven minutes then drain and set them
aside while waiting for the shrimp to
cool down let's prepare the cucumber cut
the cucumber into three to four inches
long remove the seed and cut into thin
pieces beside the cucumber we also need
bean sprouts garlic chives cilantro
lettuce and mint but today I'm only
using lettuce and mint and cucumber you
can pretty much add any fresh vegetables
you like now that the shrimp has cooled
down peel them and cut them in half
also cut the barbecue charts you pork
into thin slices I've shared a video on
how to make the barbecue charts Newport
and I'll put the link in the description
box below now let's make the delicious
dipping sauce
in a small saucepan mix together 6
tablespoons of water 5 tablespoons of
hoisin sauce and 1 tablespoon of peanut
butter simmer on low heat for about 3 to
5 minutes the sauce then will thicken up
like this
we move from heat and satisfied
now let's make the spring roll this is
the rice paper that I'm using today
quickly soak the rice paper in hot water
wait for about 30 seconds for the rice
paper to soften to me there's no right
or wrong way to make the spring rolls
and here's how I do mine today first I
lay down the shrimp then the pork then
the vegetables and the rice noodles then
you just roll it up like this I also
have a video on how to make the rice
noodles and I'll put the link on the
description box below
see how easy and beautiful this come out
let me make another one and show you how
I do it
a different way
and for the dipping sauce remember to
add some fried onion and crushed peanuts
and now they are ready to be served as
always thank you for watching my video
and supporting my channel remember to
click like subscribe and share this
video thank you I'll see you next time
bye